Oh shit.
My phone.
Okay my battery.
Work.
Shit.
Let go of me.
Help!
Somebody help me!
Oh my god.
Oh my...
Ooo.
You need more coffee for your
sweetener hun?
You ain't got anymore of that
hot chili do you sweetheart?
Still waiting on the meat delivery.
Hope you're not expecting a tip.
Mel when have you ever left
me a tip?
Hey.
Huh?
Forget it.
Oh perfect.
Hello?
No she's leaving today.
On foot.
Got her guitar and all.
It's too far.
Go the way you always go.
Or just wait in the parking lot,
gotta go.
Oh well that don't sound very interesting.
Every dull moment hun.
Oh hey Meg can you make this
one to go please?
That time already?
Looks like.
Hey.
Something to remember me by.
But you didn't even finish
your meal.
Such a waste too.
You know I'm thinking it might
rain tonight.
You sure you wanna hit the
road like this,
I mean I can see if my friend
can give you a ride.
It never rains in LA.
Besides I'll probably reach
the desert before nightfall
anyways so I really don't
think it's gonna be a problem.
Well maybe you should go to
the ladies room,
just one last time.
To be sure.
It's not a lot clean places
to tinkle off the interstate.
You know I just went.
Tinkle.
Well.
I do have some fresh TP in
the back.
I'm just gonna put some in
your pack you know.
So did you learn how to play
this thing?
Nope.
But Benjamin gave it to me so
I'm taking it with me.
Who knows I might have to
sell or something
if things get tight.
Oh you need some money?
I've got my bag in the back office.
I'm fine.
I assure you, really I am.
I'm just thinking ahead.
Far, far ahead.
Besides if I didn't know any better,
which I do I would think you
were trying to stop me
from going.
Hello?
Hi daddy.
Yeah I should be back there
by next weekend
at the very latest.
Yes I'm being safe, I'm riding...
Yeah I'm riding with friends.
Okay well I'll call you and
check up with you every chance
I get okay?
I love you too daddy.
Bye.
Daddy doesn't know I'm hitchhiking.
He wouldn't approve.
I can't say I'm so keen on
the idea either.
Every horror movie,
well everyone worth it's self.
He's out with some pretty
young thang.
Hitchhiking it alone across
the countryside.
Well lucky for me I can
defend myself.
Mhm, well why isn't Ben
driving you to your dads house?
Things with Ben ended two
weeks ago.
I know I told you that.
When you missed your period,
was that the straw that broke
his camels back?
I went out and I bought one
of those blue pregnancy
test strips, just to be sure.
And he came home and he saw
the box on the counter
and he bolted.
He didn't even say goodbye.
I assume the test was a negative.
Like you'd really let me take
the bootheel express
halfway across the country if
you thought I was
with a child.
I'd be fine with it either
way hun, really I would.
Babies are so precious.
Worth their weight in gold.
♪ You keep believing in all
the things that make you strong
♪ I see your reason
♪ But I know where you belong
♪ Here by me
♪ All that you do
♪ Can't you see
♪ I'm right in front of you
♪ All my life I've waited for you
♪ All my life
♪ Open your heart now
♪ And realize just who I am
♪ Here by me
♪ All that you do
♪ Can't you see
♪ I'm right in front of you
♪ All my life,
I've waited for you
♪ All my life
Eyes on that sexy little roast.
You need a ride toots?
Maybe.
How far are you going?
All the way to your toes.
If you let me.
Are you saying you can afford it?
I don't know you tell me.
You're the one that's asking
for a ride.
I've never gone all the way before.
Maybe I'll suck you for a
ride to Vegas.
Oh but what if
I want to go further?
Oh.
Sorry.
Oh it's okay.
You're too beautiful to wait.
Ciao
Thanks babe you always tell..
Ah please, please, please stop.
Fine.
Please stop,
let's just start from the beginning.
She messed it up.
Gosh can't you just be simpler.
Can we just get the hotel room?
Just a hotel room.
Now listen to me carefully Woody.
Your ex wife gets the hundred
thousand dollars.
Don't do it.
You talking to me or you're talking
to somebody else?
Eh just some poor schmuck
stuck on the side of the road
about ready to make the
biggest mistake of his life.
Don't do it.
Good for him.
Basically you have no more
appeals left.
Yeah.
You have 10 days to sign..
Yeah I know, I know,
I know already.
Thank you for nothing.
I understand.
I'm 45 years old and I'm flat broke.
She gets the recording studio,
she gets the house..
Your ex-wife is also getting
the hundred thousand dollars
from your IRA.
You want it all?
You want it all you bloody
sucking leech.
Alright I'll give it all.
You want it all?
Here you go take it all.
Here you go, suck on that you leech.
Okay.
Megan.
What the hell,
okay my car broke down,
I'm in the middle of nowhere
and I'm totally gonna miss
the game.
So call me back.
Okay, thank you.
Oh my god.
Unlimited minutes my perfect ass.
Hey.
Do you know anything about cars?
Hell of a bad place to break down.
Sucks huh?
Could I possibly trouble you
for a ride into town?
Okay.
So your cars kind of a fixer upper.
I just picked it up today.
So is there any chance might
you might stop
at the liquor store?
Hey you missed it.
Hey.
You're no good to me never mind.
You're diseased.
Oh shoulda brought pie.
Hello somebody there?
Hello?
I need this last.
Hey.
Hi.
Come here.
Look baby.
Hi.
Hey.
Have you come to sing for
your supper?
Oh look at this collar.
Oh do you belong to somebody?
Do you want one?
Okay but we gotta make 'em
last alright,
it's all I got.
Okay.
If you come back for more you
have to keep
the werewolves away.
I'm serious.
Oh baby I thought you were
sexy with your clothes on.
Why?
I thought you knew better.
Mm I thought I did.
Did you bring them?
Baby did I not only bring 'em,
but I believe you said ribbed
but not lubed.
What are we gonna do with all these?
We're here just for tonight.
Then again my gentlemen
always comes prepared.
Comes!
Did you see that?
Yeah.
It's probably that damn sheriff.
Go see, get over there.
Okay.
I will.
Just stay here.
Hey sheriff.
Is that you?
Sheriff?
See anything you like sheriff?
Good morning Janalee
Good morning sheriff.
Sheriff's office,
how may we serve you?
No ma'am we are just a field office.
Yes you are a first to call
it in.
Buffy Pratt.
Is this new?
Yes just hit the fax machine.
I'll let the sheriff know.
Thank you.
She was reported missing by
her uncle.
He thinks she was hitchhiking.
Oh no.
Oh and that was Ms. Tracy on
the phone,
she says there's a fire near
the (mumbles) road.
Well get the volunteers on
that fire.
I've got bigger fish to fry here.
I do not like the look of this.
Oh I knew I should have
camped further away
from the highway.
Hey kid,
you're car break down or something?
Too much to ask for coffee I assume.
70 plus miles to the next gas station.
And farm is back that way,
quite a bit.
I'll be happy to give you a lift.
I'm 22.
I'm sorry did I miss something?
I'm not a kid, I'm 22.
Are you part of a search team
or something
because I don't want to hold
you up.
Oh I'm just putting up some flyers.
Trying to do my part, you know.
Well I hope they find whoever
they're looking for.
I have some baby wipes,
you want to clean up
before you hit the road.
Five dollar cashy money.
I ain't really got much money man.
Oh how cute.
What's her name?
Princess.
Oh yes.
I know you're thirsty.
You are correct.
Sorry I put on such a hard
candy shell on earlier.
I mean you never can be too cautious.
This poor woman.
Her family must be scared
half to death.
You were in the Marines?
Navy Corpsman.
(Mumbles)
I'm headed to Colorado by way
of Nevada.
You?
Reno eventually.
What's in Reno for you?
I'm thinking about paychecks (mumbles)
Do you work in Mexico.
Oh I work all over.
Wherever there's work.
But my check it always comes
to Mexico.
Put one of those fliers up on
this pole for me.
Fasten your seat belt.
Safety first.
Poor. puppy.
Now that is a funny thing
about a puppy.
It takes a village to raise a
little girl,
but it all it takes is an ole
truck and a puppy to get her.
Wakey, wakey.
No eggs, no fucking fakey.
You shoulda drank more of the water
and I wouldn't had to shock you.
Oh my.
Where are my...
Why am I...
Now I know what you're
thinking darling.
This is strictly business.
And business is booming.
Now Mrs. Smith.
She insists I keep everything
on a strictly
professional level.
Like you're not even a person
or anything.
I am a person.
Why would you do this to me?
Hey.
I'm talking to at you.
Hey!
Is for horses.
Is that smoke?
What is that?
One thing I learned in the core,
nothing stinks like people.
You gotta keep 'em on ice.
Can't let the meat spoil.
If you're looking for a ransom,
my parents they don't have
much money.
Ransom?
Is that what you thought?
No honey.
No ransom for you.
Help!
Somebody help me!
Now I do not want to have to
carve out
that fucking tongue.
But I certainly will do it.
I'll do my job and you do yours
and your job is to keep
fucking quiet!
Are you gonna kill me?
Let's just sit here and make quiet
and not worry about what
can't control.
I don't want to die.
Hey doctor.
Hey amigo.
I am Hungarian you idiot.
I don't speak the language.
You got my money.
Dinero.
Is the other donor anemic?
Not that I can see.
I got O positive and
A positive on the menu today.
And that the water was not a factor.
In local news,
two year old Amanda Sherwood
was found abandoned in a play
park explained
by Sheriff Marks yesterday afternoon.
Aside from some very minor dehydration,
the toddler was fine
according to ER doctors.
The sheriff says Amanda's mother,
Angela Sherwood who was last
seen with her daughter
and at the same park,
has not been located
as of this broadcast.
Sheriff Marks also stands by
his claim
that there was no sign of a struggle.
And even though state
officials and the FBI
have a asserted that they
wish to question
Sherwood's husband,
Marks says 31 year old
Theodore Hawkeye Sherwood
is in fact not a suspect.
Janalee get me the file on
the mother please.
There's more pictures coming over
to fax and I need just a minute.
Okay thanks.
And there's coffee.
You don't have to buy me coffee.
Thank you.
Yeah no I found her at the
old oil field park.
No there's no sign of foul play.
Outside of the mother,
Angelica being MIA.
No I had her husband in custody
but he's not our culprit.
No.
No I won't.
Look he's not our bad guy.
You can print whatever you
damn well please.
Okay look as soon as I find
something out,
you'd be the first to know.
Alright.
Damn press.
Son of a bitch!
Sheriff the volunteers found
human remains in that fire.
I know Virgil called me on my
cell phone.
I'm sorry you had to hear the
gory details
on that one Janalee.
Her name was Pepper Nixon.
She was a cheerleader from Dempsey.
Eric Larson found her car
about two miles up the road.
The coroners going to get
your full report on Monday.
That makes three dead girls.
Three dead and 12 missing
that we know of.
Looks like we're gonna burn
the midnight on this one.
So for you, we wait.
I don't know what you want
from me.
That's for the good doctor to decide.
Can I have some water?
I'm really thirsty.
You'll thank me later if I decline.
I doubt it.
What'd you do for a living,
back in the world?
What?
You got nice boots,
expensive guitar,
you must work.
That guitar was a gift.
The boots I got from a thrift store.
I got my last vehicle from
the good wish.
600 dollars, cash and money.
Why did you put a needle in
my arm?
Well I had to know you're
blood type.
A positive.
Oh your HIV negative by the way.
You drew my blood?
This isn't a hospital.
You're not a doctor.
This isn't sterile.
What did you do to me?
The police are gonna find you
and you're gonna go to prison.
Don't test me you little bitch.
You're crazy.
Won't do you no good to smooch
my butt darling.
What's that noise.
It's a hostage situations.
Capture his prey close together.
Developed sort of a personal relationship.
They've got stockholm syndrome.
That will happen to you neither.
What are you doing?
It's...
It's the girl in the posters.
Where's (mumbles)
She's safe and sound,
right where we left her.
Where's my baby.
Where is her baby?
Toddler hun.
Now she had been a healthy newborn.
My money would have been made
for the year.
What kind of answer is that?
Where is her baby?
I'm beginning to tire of your attitude.
I'll I'm asking is her baby
gonna be okay?
That's none of my concern.
Don't hurt her please
What is her name do you even
know that much?
Yes I do.
Her names Dee.
Dinero.
Show time kiddo.
Not for you.
That hurt!
Oh honey I'm home.
Amanda, Sergio, what are you doing?
What am I doing home early?
Surprise!
This is what you get for
taking all my fucking money.
Fucking take everything
fucking away from me.
But you didn't get my weed.
Yeah.
(Mumbles)
I can't get a break.
Fuck.
I'm too stoned.
God damn, a shooting star.
Alright let me wish.
I wish I had a big dick.
I wish I had a new recording studio.
And I wish I had a woman with
natural tits.
That'd be nice for a change.
It didn't work.
(Mumbles)
Good luck getting it now bitch.
Good luck getting it now.
Eric Larson.
What can I do you for?
Hi sheriff,
you still paying cash for tips?
Well, well hold on there.
Let me be the judge of that.
First of all how are you and
your mom getting along,
okay?
No.
Mommas got the gout and a
little diarrhea
with corn in it.
Well I'm sorry to hear that.
Now I surely will be out
there right soon to visit.
So Eric what about this tip?
No I wasn't aware.
Your cousin you say?
Not one delivery?
Now what diner are we talking about?
Hello?
Yeah, how do I know?
Your car, your piece of shit
car broke down.
Oh no.
I'm definitely not gonna wait
for you.
Maybe some nice trucker could
give me a ride back.
My shorts?
Oh their shorts sweetie.
You don't even know what
you're doing.
You don't even take care of it
and look what happened,
I'm stuck now.
Taking everything fucking
away from me!
But at least I got my weed.
Ah yes.
What the fuck.
That mother fucker sold me shake.
Fuck.
Well at least I have my booze.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Please help me.
What?
Help you?
Are you alright?
You have to help me.
You need a first aid kit?
There's a man out there he's crazy.
Do you have a phone,
do you have radio?
Yes I've got a phone.
Listen relax, who's after you.
It's a man.
He kidnapped me and there's
another woman too.
What?
Okay look.
Listen, come here.
I want you to sit down over here.
Okay?
No, no, no.
What?
He kidnapped me and he's
about a mile in a half back
and there's another woman,
she's gonna die if we don't
do something.
Alright.
We have to go.
Here, here.
Dial 911 right now.
Hold on.
Where is he coming from?
Does he got a knife?
Does he got a gun?
I don't know a gun, I don't know.
Just dial 911.
Dial 911.
Oh my,
hello?
You lost signal.
What?
Oh my god.
Did you get through?
Your stupid phones not working.
Listen, listen,
listen you got through.
It's got a GPS on it
and they'll pick us up and
they'll come out here.
Okay when you dial 911 that's
what it does.
Come here, stand up.
Stand up, come on.
Come on.
Now look there's nobody..
No, no,
no we have to go to the house
because there's another woman.
What house?
She's gonna die.
Nobody's gonna...
Okay look.
No it's that way.
Okay look,
we can't go anywhere now it's
pitch dark.
We're not gonna find anything.
How did you get here?
Do you have a car?
Of course I have a car.
What do you think I came here
on a camel?
I got a car.
It's up there somewhere.
But it's so fucking dark
right now.
Relax.
Okay?
I'm so scared.
It's alright.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you.
I've got an idea.
I got some weed.
It's not much.
But it'll take the edge off.
Wanna smoke some weed?
Come on this is good stuff.
Fuck.
Look lady I don't even know
your name.
What?
What's your name?
Sally.
Okay Sally I'm Woody.
Come here.
Stand up you got something in
your arm.
We're gonna get that out okay?
He took my blood.
He took your blood?
He took your blood.
Okay come over here and sit down.
Okay and then we're gonna
take that thing
out of your arm and I just
want you to relax.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you.
Let's stake this out,
be real careful.
Okay?
Alright.
The other woman at the house.
Listen let's not worry about
that other lady right now.
You're here and you're safe
and that's all that matters
right now.
I promise you.
We're gonna get the rangers,
they've got guns,
they've got dogs and helicopters
and stuff we'll find that lady
and she's gonna be safe too.
You just gotta have faith okay?
You're gonna alright,
you're safe now.
You're totally safe now.
I'm not gonna let anything
happen to you.
Alright come on.
Take a deep breath.
It's okay.
Let's just get this thing off you,
this looks nasty.
Okay.
Fuck, here.
Fuck.
Wrap this around here.
We just gotta wrap this up there
and you're gonna be safe.
Now the rangers are gonna come.
There's nothing we can do
right now
'cause it's pitch dark and
you can't go anywhere.
But you stay right here,
in this camp.
We got a fire.
I got my ax.
We're gonna be okay.
Alright and I'm just gonna
keep calling.
Now why don't you go in there
and sleep in my tent?
Okay?
Okay.
Alright?
It's gonna be alright baby,
come on.
Come on.
It's alright.
I've been through worse.
You ever been divorced?
It's worse than murder.
Come on.
Come on I'm just trying to
make you laugh okay?
It's gonna be okay.
I'm gonna sit here.
I cant afford to sleep.
Okay?
I'm so broke right now,
I can't afford to sleep.
So I'm gonna stay up all night
and I'm gonna watch.
You need to get some rest and
as soon as the sun comes up
we're gonna head right to the
ranger station okay?
I want to stay out with you.
You want to stay out here
with me?
Yeah we can talk.
Okay.
Yeah we can talk if you want.
Come on over here.
Come on sit down.
Sally right?
Your names Sally?
Mhm.
Alright Sally.
Alright.
It's okay baby don't worry.
Listen this is for our protection.
You don't want any of that
weed huh?
Fuck it.
It's shake anyways.
You're divorced?
Yeah.
The wife got the recording studio.
She got the house,
she got the boat, she got the dog,
and she's got Sergio.
She got everything?
She got everything.
A hundred thousand dollars.
Good luck getting it now.
I did laugh at it now.
You're gonna be alright.
Now tell me where you from?
I'm from Colorado.
What kind of music you like?
Any kind?
Oh know listen baby I'm just
trying to get you to get
your mind off of things right
now okay?
So tell me about Colorado.
Tell me about Colorado.
What was it like?
Huh?
My dads there.
Your dads there?
Yeah.
He'll be happy to see you.
Were you going to see your dad?
Yeah.
Yeah okay.
That's cool.
Listen you're gonna be okay.
I know it was a really
frightening experience
that you had happen to you.
But you gotta trust me,
you're gonna be okay.
Look at me, look at me.
You're okay.
Look I'm gonna let you wear
my hat.
That's gonna make you strong okay?
A very strong person gave me
that hat once.
And he said wear that hat for courage.
So I want you to wear that hat
and you'll have courage okay?
Nothings gonna happen to you
as long as you're
wearing that hat.
You're kind of weird aren't you?
It's so fucking weird.
You remind me of my dad.
Really?
Well thank you.
Well I wish if I'd had a daughter,
that she would have been just
like you,
'cause you look like you're a
good person.
I'm really tired.
I know you are.
You know what, why don't you
go sleep in the tent okay?
Is it gonna be safe?
Are you kidding?
It's gonna be light in just
a few hours.
Really.
Come on.
Come on in the tent.
Come on and everything's
gonna be okay.
Keep the hat with you and
you wanna take
the flashlight too?
Take the flashlight.
Now keep that arm on elevated
up over your heart okay?
Okay.
'Cause then the bleeding's
gonna stop.
Just get in here and just lie down.
It's gonna be sunlight real
soon Sally okay?
And then we're gonna go right
to the rangers station.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Everything's gonna be okay.
I'm gonna keep watch.
It's gonna be okay.
Alright you can leave it half
open there
so you can see I'm right here.
Fuck.
Ain't that the perfect cheery
on top of a fucking sundae.
Yeah.
You come here and camp
Mr. fucking maniac.
I'll chop you up to bits.
Yeah.
Watch out for me.
I'm trained.
Axe deodorant.
Ax the television series.
Ax the cereal.
Ax the murder.
Ax me how I'm feeling.
I'm pretty high actually.
Hello?
Hey I'm here.
You alright?
What were you doing?
What, what..
I was so scared.
Oh baby.
Oh come on.
I'm here, it's okay.
Oh my god you really are
freaked out huh?
Oh my god.
Alright look I'm just walking
around trying to get a signal
for the phone.
Okay?
GPS isn't gonna work unless
I get signal right?
Right?
Let's just go.
Can we just go,
lets just grab the hatchet
and we can just go.
You're really fucking freaked
out aren't you?
God I told you everything's
gonna be alright baby.
The rangers have got guns and
they've got choppers
and dogs and all kinds of stuff.
They'll get this guy alright?
We're gonna be alright.
We're gonna be fine.
Wanna smoke some of this weed
I got?
It'll take the edge off.
Oh my god I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.
We're gonna be totally alright.
Hello?
What did you do?
What did you do to him?
You brought him into this not me.
Keep that straight alright?
Now I just soon keep you in
one piece,
but I'll sure as shit pop you
in the knee cap
if I feel the need.
Understand?
Please don't.
Did I not make myself
perfectly clear?
Now look at the mess you've
gone and made.
Now I'm expecting a call from
my doctor friend.
He'll let me know if he got any
need for your vitals or not.
Till then you just sit tight.
Now it's much better to have
a bone saw
and not need one.
When you need one, not have one.
Right?
Don't leave me here to die.
If I was gonna kill you,
it's to kill you.
You'd be dead already.
It looks like the moment of
truth little one.
Oh.
Look at that.
Wrong number.
This is one of those prepaid jobs.
I don't get no nights,
weekends, none of that stuff.
The phone company,
there's your real criminals.
Now if I loosen up that gag,
you'll be quiet?
I'd offer you some but...
What's that there.
This is cat meat from our
friends tent.
Want some?
He wasn't my friend.
I didn't even know his name.
Just wrong place, wrong time.
That's all it takes to get a
rise out of you?
All it takes?
Mmm.
You just killed two people
right in front of me.
Rise?
Man's gotta do what man's
gotta do.
I had to support my family.
What's wrong with you?
Now your real money is in
spinal research.
Stem cells,
you know fresh baby fetus's.
Embryo's.
They're hard to get though.
I would hope so.
One time at the abortion
clinic in St. Louis,
I almost got arrested.
They were just throwing them
out anyway.
That's a nice guitar.
You should hold onto this.
You should keep it after you
murder me.
It's been awhile.
♪ Freight train,
freight train going so fast
♪ Don't tell them which train
I'm on
♪ And they will know where
I've gone ♪
Now that's no good.
So I can go now?
Now what gave you that idea?
See now look at that.
Everything could be alright.
So that's it?
You're just gonna cut me lose
and then
sayonara Sally?
Ferris wheel rides over.
Everybody off.
I reckon the worlds a better
place with you still in it.
Can I call my family?
I don't think that's best.
When I leave I'll turn your
phone on.
But you lose your calling
privileges if I even suspect
you're trying to..
You won't, you won't I promise.
Can I have some coffee?
I'll set you up a spot outside.
I have to use the bathroom.
Well I hope you're not shy.
We had a 911 call last night.
The call was too short to get
a ping
but we have a number and a name.
Let's have it.
Woody Busto.
No priors not even a speeding ticket.
It was a woman who called on
his phone.
There it is.
Windsor Hills.
The forest near the diner.
I got you.
Nice knife huh?
Help me push this thing come on.
Now don't you think if they
clean this place up,
I could have rented it by now.
Sure okay.
I'll get your stuff for you.
You want a chair to sit on?
No thanks.
Suit yourself.
Hey don't go anywhere now.
I can use my pack.
Well thank you Benjamin.
Babies are so precious.
Worth their weight in gold.
Damn.
I don't think you heard me
before but
if it wouldn't be too much
trouble if...
But you can sit my pack next
to me
and I can use it as a stool.
I don't need the chair.
Mr. (Mumbles)
Good morning.
It is indeed a good morning.
We got fresh hot chili in the kitchen.
Should I have Floyd serve you
up a bowl?
You know,
I'm gonna go with a salad.
Can someone please help me?
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Is there anybody here?